Overview:

"Contact Save Remind" is a module that works with "Contact Save" to implement
the ability to remind a user that he/she has outstanding unread saved contact
form messages.

The "Contact Save" module ensures that a user doesn't miss any form submissions
in the event of email failure, storing messages in the database. However it
requires the user to check if there are any new contact form submissions stored
that they may not have received.

This module utilises the saved message 'read' status that "Contact Save"
provides, and fires a hook (see csremind.api.php for hook details) when there
are saved unread messages for the user to read. It means that the user doesn't
have to constantly check for unread messages, they can be informed when there
are new ones to read.

On its own this module will not have any visible effect to the user. It's job is
to "know" that a user should have a reminder and to fire a hook when certain
conditions are met (user permissions, reminder frequency etc). It's up to other
modules to implement this hook and implement the functionality of a reminder,
whatever form that may take.

The submodule that comes with this module, 'Contact Save Reminder Message', when
enabled, implements the hook to remind the user by showing them a standard
Drupal status message. See that modules README file.

You can create your own submodule to implement the reminder functionality in
whichever way you see fit by implementing the "csremind_remind_user" hook
provided by this module. Use the "Contact Save Reminder Message" module as an
example of how to do that.

Configuration:

For users that have been granted the 'administer contact forms' permission, when
they log in will have a row entered into the 'csremind' database table. That row
of data is responsible for configuring (frequency, state) the reminder for that
user.

The user can see their current reminder configuration at the URL
'/user/<uid>/reminders', which is also accessible via a tab on their user
profile page. Visiting that page they are presented with a form that lets them
configure the reminder as they wish.

You can configure settings for the default reminder frequency for new users and
set a list of pages that reminders should not be triggered on using the admin
form at '/admin/structure/contact/csremind'.

Troubleshooting:

If you think a user should be receiving reminders but does not:

* Does the user have the 'administer contact form' permission?

* Is there a record for the user in the 'csremind' database table?

If not, and the user has (possibly, just) been granted the 'administer contact
forms' permission, have the user log out and back in again. The database row
should now be populated and the user should have a reminder config page (see
previous point) accessible to them.

The lack of Drupal hooks related to user permissions changing make it hard to
manage which users should have reminders. Managing them at the point of
login/out isn't ideal, but is effective.

* Can the user access their reminder config page at '/user/<uid>/reminders'?

If so, are their reminders configured to be 'unsupressed' and 'active'?

* Is there a module implementing reminder functionality enabled (EG. the
"Contact Save Reminder Message" submodule)?

Caveats:

Currently the "Contact Save" module is only implemented for the sitewide contact
form (IE. not personal contact forms), therefore this module also operates only
in that context, with users that can administer that form.
